My men will arrive in 5 minutes
Liang Youwei once
Then the truth of everything will wake up
Kitchen without proof
He was going to end up too
A waste who relies on soft rice
Vice President Jiang just left
You start pretending again
President Liang will come with your subordinates
According to you
President Liang is also your subordinate
Come and be my subordinate
He is not enough
Liang Youwei is not worthy to be his subordinate
Is the West Heaven?
Foursquare God level
7 Days
When will you be able to face up to your own ordinariness?
Get rid of big talk
Sister, don't you understand?
Some people climbed high branches
Suddenly I feel like I can do it again
Did the master's assassination attempt on Liang Wei fail?
And not only that.
The name left well Iran
Decided to sign the transaction without authorization
Kill him with the gangsters of Dragon Kingdom
What to do then?
Ask for a career plan
Not only can it not be stopped
And to expand the notification to the superior
All the samurai who entered Sea City affectionately
What is a momentary failure?
Miss Ye is now in the county seat
It's a godsend.
Passing by must be Daxing
But what if they leave?
Don't worry, I have a way to let him go all by himself